---
layout: post
title: "Hank Quinlan, Horrible Cop, Launches Site"
date: 2014-04-30
---

Well. Finally got around to putting this old website together. Neat thing about it - powered by [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) and I can use Markdown to author my posts. It actually is a lot easier than I thought it was going to be.

---
Layout: post 
title:"Next Steps"
date:2016-02-07
---



Next Steps

Hopefully this guide has given you the confidence to do many other things with Git, GitHub, Jekyll, and your website or blog. You could go in many different directions at this point, as I'm sure you've already started thinking about, but here are a few other things I think would be worth your time:

    Create _includes. They're a lot like _layouts, only smaller snippets of markup and can be injected into your _layouts and pages.
        Try creating an _include file that inserts Google Analytics tracking code into your <head> so you can get stats on the visitors to your website. Here's an example.
        Want commenting for your blog? Create a DISQUS _include and call it in your post.html layout.
    Don't want github.io in your URL? Set up a custom domain.
    Add blogging pagination
    Create a sitemap.xml file for better SEO. You can have one automatically generated by GitHub Pages. See this one I use for my site.
    Become a coding pro and create a development branch of your site. Each time you want to fix a bug or add a new feature you can create a copy of your master branch, make your changes, and then merge that branch to the master branch. The idea is to keep the master branch clean.
    Need more inspiration? Check out how the sites from the developers of Jekyll are setup or browse this huge list of sites using Jekyll.

Resources

I'll try to keep this list current and up to date. If you know of a great resource you'd like to share or notice a broken link, please get in touch.
Git, GitHub, and GitHub Pages

    Git Documentation
    Learn Git and GitHub in 15 minutes
    GitHub Pages Help
    GitHub Help
    GitHub Cheat Sheet
    GitHub Glossary
    GitHub For Academics

Jekyll

    Sites Using Jekyll
    Blog Migrations to Jekyll

Markdown

    Official Markdown Spec
    Printable Markdown Cheatsheet
    Markdown Cheatsheet
    GitHub Flavored Markdown
